# Sample WebAPI with DotNetOpenAuth OAuth 1.0 App## DescriptionAn example application to demonstrate how to use the Glipho DotNetOpenAuth implementation with WebAPI.The actual implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/Glipho/oauth-providers)## ContributingWe welcome, and actively encourage, contributions. If you wish to contribute following the few simple rules below would be great.- Open (or ensure there is) an Issue for the bug you have found or the feature you want to contribute.- Ensure there are relevant unit tests (yes we know there are no unit tests yet, feel free to add them). We prefer to use xUnit.- Make sure pull requests are against the “dev” branch.- Don’t change version numbers. We’ll do that when we merge into the master branch## Authors**James Toyer**- [http://glipho.com/jamestoyer](http://glipho.com/jamestoyer)- [http://github.com/jamestoyer](http://github.com/jamestoyer)## Copyright and LicenceCopyright (c) 2013 Glipho LtdPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.